[Music]
five years after the fall of the
galactic empire
at the end of star wars episode vi
return of the jedi
a mandalorian bounty hunter hands his
latest bounty
to grief karga the mandalorian then
accepts an under the table bounty
on the outpost world of navarro from an
enigmatic client
with apparent imperial connections
directing him to track down
and capture an unnamed 50 year old
target
while the client is indifferent to the
target's well-being
his colleague dr pershing insists the
target be brought back alive
the mandalorian is given a down payment
of a single bar
of bhaskar steel sacred to his people he
takes it to a covert mandalorian enclave
where an armorer uses it to make him a
piece of armor
arriving at the planet of the target's
last reported location
the mandalorian is aided by a vapor
farmer named queel
tired of the chaos that bounty hunters
bring to the area
queel leads him to the target's location
and departs
entering the remote and heavily defended
encampment the mandalorian reluctantly
teams up with bounty hunting droid ig-11
to clear the camp and find the quarry a
child of yoda's species
when ig-11 attempts to kill the infant
per its bounty's orders
the mandalorian shoots and destroys the
droid taking
the child alive while returning to his
ship with the child
the mandalorian fights and kills a group
of rival bounty hunters
who ambush him nearing his ship he finds
it being stripped by jawas for parts
and violently confronts them when he
tries to attack their sand crawler
the jaws stun him and drop him from its
roof
the following day queel helps him locate
the jawas
and negotiate for the return of his
ship's components the mandalorian agrees
to retrieve the egg
of a rhinoceros-like mud horn in
exchange for the stolen parts
he enters the mudhorn's cave only to be
hurled out by the angry beast inside
which attacks him repeatedly damaging
his armor
as the mudhorn rushes in for the kill
the child uses the force
to levitate the beast allowing the
surprised mandalorian
to stab and kill it he collects the egg
and takes it to the jawas
who crack it open and eat its yellow
insides
with the trade complete the mandalorian
and quill
work together to repair the ship
allowing the mandalorian to leave the
planet
with the child the mandalorian delivers
the child
to the client on navarro and collects
the bounty of 20 bars of baskar steel
uncharacteristically the mandalorian
asks about the client's plans for the
child
but is told that it's none of his
concern he leaves before conflict arises
returning to the mandalorian enclave the
mandalorian has his damaged armor
replaced
and weapons upgraded by the armorer who
forges him a full set of armor
from most of the bescar steel while the
remainder goes to support mandalorian
foundling children the mandalorian
accepts a new job from grief karga
and prepares his ship to depart feeling
guilty for abandoning the child to the
empire
he turns back to attack the client's
base killing most of the stormtroopers
guarding it
he rescues the child from dr pershing's
laboratory where it was being
experimented on
but chooses not to kill the doctor on
the way back to his ship
the mandalorian is ambushed by other
bounty hunters
and grief karga who demand that he hand
over the child
he refuses and a firefight breaks out
outnumbered and cornered
the mandalorian is able to escape only
when other mandalorians arrive
from the enclave attacking the bounty
hunters and allowing him to reach his
ship with the child
arriving on the sparsely populated
forest planet sorghum
the mandalorian encounters ex-rebel
shock trooper turned mercenary
cara dune following a short brawl dune
explains that she is hiding after taking
early retirement
and asks the mandalorian to leave while
he prepares his ship
two desperate fishermen approach
offering to hire him to drive off a band
of clatunian raiders
he accepts the job in exchange for
lodging using their credits to enlist
dune's help
at the village they are housed by omara
a widowed mother
the mandalorian confides in her that no
one has seen him without his helmet
since childhood
when his tribe took him in as an orphan
despite discovering that the raiders
have an old
imperial atst the villagers refused to
leave
so the mandalorian and dune trained them
to defend themselves
they provoked the raiders at night with
dune luring the atst into a trap for the
mandalorian to blow up
and forcing the remaining raiders to
flee with peace restored
the mandalorian plans to leave the child
in the village but a guild bounty hunter
tracks it down
and is killed by dune realizing that
neither the village nor the child would
be safe
the mandalorian departs with the child
the mandalorian defeats a pursuing
bounty hunter in a dogfight
he lands his damaged ship at a nearby
repair dock
run by a mechanic in mos eisley on
tatooine
he seeks work in a cantina to pay for
the repairs
meeting aspiring bounty hunter toro
calacan
who is tracking elite mercenary and
assassin fennec shand
calacan needs to catch shand to join the
guild and the mandalorian agrees to help
when calikan offers to let him keep the
money they capture shand in the desert
but she destroys one of their speeder
bikes
so the mandalorian goes to get a dewback
they passed for transportation
while calikan watches shand she tells
him that the mandalorian betrayed the
guild
making the bounty on him and the child
worth more than hers
shand offers to help kalikan capture the
mandalorian if he sets her free
but he shoots her instead and rides the
remaining speeder bike to the repair
dock
taking the mechanic and the child
hostage the mandalorian arrives
uses a flare to disorient kalikan and
kills him
he takes calichan's money to pay the
mechanic for the repairs
thanking her before leaving tatooine out
in the desert
a mysterious figure approaches shan's
body the mandalorian contacts his former
partner
ran malk for work ran welcomes him to a
space station
and informs the mandalorian that he
needs a ship for a five-man job
he is joined by ex-imperial sharpshooter
mayfeld
strongman berg droid pilot zero
and twilight knife expert xi'an
for a mission to rescue shien's brother
quinn a prisoner of the new republic
after infiltrating the prison ship they
fight through security droids
and make it to the control room where
the ship's security chief
triggers a security beacon before being
killed by xi'an
the crew rescues quinn but
double-crosses the mandalorian
he escapes and defeats each crew member
then captures quinn
zero finds the child after deciphering
the archived transmission from grief
karga
but is shot by the mandalorian before he
can harm him
the mandalorian delivers quinn to ran
and departs with his payment
ran immediately moves to launch a
fighter to kill the mandalorian
but discovers the new republic beacon
had been placed on quinn
leading a trio of x-wings to ran station
where they attacked
in the final scene mayfeld berg and
xi'an
are revealed to be locked in a cell on
the prison transport
having been spared by the mandalorian
the mandalorian receives a message from
grief karga
whose town on navarro has been overrun
by ex-imperial troops
led by the client karga proposes that
the mandalorian used the child as bait
in order to kill the client and free the
town in return
karga will square things with the guild
which would allow the mandalorian
and the child to live in peace sensing a
trap the mandalorian recruits cara dune
and quill to a system and quill brings a
rebuilt and reprogrammed ig-11
to protect the child they meet karga and
his associates but are attacked by
flying creatures during the journey
to the town karga is injured but the
child uses the force to heal his wound
in return karga kills his associates and
confesses his original plan to shoot the
mandalorian and take the child to the
client
karga pretends that dune has captured
the mandalorian while queel returns the
child to the ship
during the meeting ex-imperial officer
moff gideon
arrives outside the building his troops
open fire on the building
and kill the client and his bodyguards
trapping the mandalorian
karga and dune inside gideon arrives
demanding the child
in the desert two scout troopers
intercept the mandalorian's
communications
and track queel killing him before he
can reach the ship
and they take the child ig-11 rescues
the child from the scout troopers
gideon warns carga dune and the
mandalorian
that they face certain death unless they
agree to assist him
ig-11 arrives and breaks the standoff
but gideon injures the mandalorian
the child uses the force to deflect an
attacking stormtrooper's flamethrower
back onto him the mandalorian sends the
others through a sewer grate with the
child
to find help from the mandalorian
enclave while ig-11 removes his helmet
to tend to a head injury
and we learn the mandalorian's real name
is din jaron
joining the others the mandalorian finds
the covert group of mandalorians
with some dead or escaped except for the
armorer
she tasks him to care for the foundling
child like his own
discover its origins and return it to
its kind the armorer fashions the
mandalorian his own
signet and gives him a jet pack the
group takes a boat down an underground
lava river
but when they are ambushed by storm
troopers ig-11 self-destructs to
eliminate the enemies
moff gideon attacks them in a tie
fighter and the mandalorian uses the
jetpack
to bring the tie fighter down the
mandalorian leaves with the child
while karga and dune stay behind on
navarro the final scene
shows moth gideon surviving the crash
and he cuts himself out of the tie
fighter
with the darksaber